Astro CLI 1.7 Release Notes and New Docs (#1432)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-dev-start.md

## Options

| Option          | Description                   | Possible Values                                                  |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-e`,`--env`         | Path to your environment variable file. Default is `.env`                                                                                             | Valid filepaths                                                  |
| `-i`, `--image-name` | The name of a pre-built custom Docker image to use with your project. The image must be available from a Docker registry hosted on your local machine | A valid name for a pre-built Docker image based on Astro Runtime |
| `-n`, `--no-browser` | Starts Airflow without opening a browser for the Airflow UI      | None                                                             |
| `--no-cache`         | Do not use cache when building container image                   | None                                                             |

> | `-s`, `--settings-file` | Settings file to import airflow objects from (default "airflow_settings.yaml") | airflow settings file                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-s`, `--settings-file` | Settings file to import Airflow objects from (default "airflow_settings.yaml") | Airflow settings file                           |
```

> | `--wait`                | Duration to wait for webserver to get healthy. The default is 5 minutes on M1 architecture and 1 minute for everything else. Use --wait 2m to wait for 2 minutes. (default 1m0s) | time in seconds |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--wait`                | Duration to wait for webserver to get healthy. The default is five minutes on M1 architecture and one minute for everything else. Use --wait 2m to wait for two minutes. The default is 1m0s. | Time in seconds |
```

Reviewer: Is seconds correct for the possible value?

> | `--wait`                | Duration to wait for webserver to get healthy before timing out. The default is 1 minute except for M1 architecture-based machines, which is 5 minutes. | Time in seconds, or minutes defined as `<integer>m` |

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure the seconds are defined with `s`, do we need to confirm that?
